[TCSACR-448] Add cion doc (#1570)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/app-management/cion.md

> # Cion

Author: It's just APIs to develop communicate applications. I'm not sure to add in toc_all.md and what should I have to add.

> # Cion

Author: cion is added

The Cion API provides functionality to communicate with the other devices.

The main features of the `Tizen.Applications.Cion` class include:

- Communicating with other applications in server-client style.

  You can communicate with other applications in [server-client](#server_client) style.

- Communicating with other applications in group style.

  You can communicate with other applications in [group](#group) style.

> And you can generate communicate code using [TIDL](#tidl).

Author: it's changed

## Prerequisites

> To enable your application to use the cion functionality:

Author: it's changed

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer: Hello, @sagarkedari 
Please be careful not to guide to use staging link, https://docs1.stg.tizen.org.
This link is staging, which means for the test.

Please guide to use the public link.

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho , Sorry for providing the test link detail in my comment. I have updated my comment now.

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer: Thanks for checking @sagarkedari 
However, would you please follow the reference format? 

With current format, it only goes to API9, even when new TizenFX is released.

**Reference :** https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/blob/52cdb00867da738ebd15afc4c5cce88530cb993b/reviewguide/review_points_guide.md#net-api

 /application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/...

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer 2: Per my discussion with @mijin85cho, the link need to be updated as below:
https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html

However, since there is some issue with symbolic link "latest" currently, the above suggested link won't be working (OR link is landing on "Page not found" page), until symbolic link gets fixed. The symbolic link issue resolution will be reported to site manager.

    ```xml
    <privileges>
       <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/d2d.datasharing</privilege>
       <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/internet</privilege>
    </privileges>
    ```

2. To use the methods and properties of the Tizen.Applications.Cion class, include it in your application:

    ```csharp
    using Tizen.Applications.Cion;
    ```

<a name="server_client"></a>
## Communicate in server-client style

> To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer 2: As commented before (https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1570/files#r766615081), the issue has not been fixed yet. Please check and update the link.

# Cion

> The Cion API provides functionality to communicate with the other devices.

Author: it's changed

The main features of the `Tizen.Applications.Cion` class include:

- Communicating with other applications in server-client style.

  You can communicate with other applications in [server-client](#server_client) style.

- Communicating with other applications in group style.

  You can communicate with other applications in [group](#group) style.

> And, you can generate communicate code using [TIDL](#tidl).

Author: it's changed to communication code

## Prerequisites

To enable your application to use the cion functionality, follow these steps:

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho, sorry for my confusion and thank you for clarifying.

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer: Thanks for checking again @sagarkedari

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Author: it's changed to latest

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho , Even though the link has been updated, the link is still broken. I am assuming issue with the symbolic link "latest" has not been fixed yet. Could you please check and help to fix the link.

Author: link is changed to API9 now

Author: changed to latest

> 1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer: Thanks for the update to 'latest'.

However, it seems the link format changing to "/application/dotnet/..."  is not applied yet.

```suggestion
1.  To use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.html) class, the application has to request permission by adding the following privilege to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:
```

Author: it's changed

    ```xml
    <privileges>
       <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/d2d.datasharing</privilege>
       <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/internet</privilege>
    </privileges>
    ```

2. To use the methods and properties of the Tizen.Applications.Cion class, include it in your application:

    ```csharp
    using Tizen.Applications.Cion;
    ```

<a name="server_client"></a>
## Communicate in server-client style

> Cion client can try to discover the server to communicate. If server is discovered, client can try to connect to the server.

Author: it's changed.

> After client is connected to server, client can send data and paylaod.

Author: it's changed.

> To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:

Author: it's changed.

> To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer 2: Please update as below:

```suggestion
To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:
```

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To communicate with server, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ClientBase.html) class as follows:
```

Author: it's changed

            {
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
                Result = result;
            }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
            public ConnectionResult Result { get; }
        }

        public class DisconnectedEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public DisconnectedEventArgs(PeerInfo peerInfo)
            {
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
        }

        public class DiscoveredEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public DiscoveredEventArgs(PeerInfo peerInfo)
            {
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
        }

        public class PayloadReceivedEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public PayloadReceivedEventArgs(Payload payload, PayloadTransferStatus status)
            {
                Payload = payload;
                Status = status;
            }
            public Payload Payload { get; }
            public PayloadTransferStatus Status { get; }
        }
    }
    ```
    ```csharp
    string serviceName = "TestService";
    var client = new CionClient(serviceName);
    ```
    

> 2. Discover the server to connect. If the server is discovered, connect to discovered server:

Author: it's changed. it's not repited working, so I used '.'

    ```csharp
    client.TryDiscovery();

    client.DiscoveredEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        CionClient.DiscoveredEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionClient.DiscoveredEventArgs;
        client.Connect(eventArgs.PeerInfo);
    };
    ```

3. Send data and payload:

    ```csharp
    string TestMessage = "Test Message";

    client.SendData(Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(TestMessage), 5000);
    ```
    ```csharp
    string TestMessage = "Test Message";
    DataPayload dataPayload = new DataPayload(Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(TestMessage));

    PayloadAsyncResult result = await client.SendPayloadAsync(dataPayload);
    ```

> Cion server can listen the request from the client. If a connection request comes from the client, the server can accept connection.

Author: it's changed.

> Cion server can listen the request from the client. If a connection request comes from the client,the server can accept connection.

Author: it's changed

> After connection is accepted,the server can receive data and payload.

Author: it's changed

> After connection is accepted,the server can receive data and payload.

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with client, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase.html) class as follows:

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with client, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer 2: Same as above comment (the symbolic link "latest" need to be fixed)

Author: link is changed to API9 now

Author: changed to latest

> To communicate with client, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To communicate with client, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase.html) class as follows:
```

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with client, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To communicate with client, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.ServerBase.html) class as follows:
```

Author: it's changed

            {
                Data = data;
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public byte[] Data { get; }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
            public byte[] ReplyData { get; set; }
        }

        public class DisconnectedEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public DisconnectedEventArgs(PeerInfo peerInfo)
            {
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
        }

        public class PayloadReceivedEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public PayloadReceivedEventArgs(Payload payload, PeerInfo peerInfo, PayloadTransferStatus status)
            {
                Payload = payload;
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
                Status = status;
            }
            public Payload Payload { get; }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
            public PayloadTransferStatus Status { get; }
        }
    }
    ```
    ```csharp
    string serviceName = "TestService";
    string displayName = "TestDisplayName";
    var server = new CionServer(serviceName, displayName);
    ```

> 2. Server is ready to listen the requests from the client:

Author: description is changed

    ```csharp
    server.Listen();
    ```

3. Accept the connection:

    ```csharp
    server.ConnectionRequestEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        ClionServer.ConnectionRequestEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionServer.ConnectionRequestEventArgs;
        server.Accept(eventArgs.PeerInfo);
    };
    ```

4. Receive data and payload:

    ```csharp
    server.DataReceivedEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        CionServer.DataReceivedEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionServer.DataReceivedEventArgs;
        // eventArgs.Data
    };
    ```
    ```csharp
    server.PayloadReceivedEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        CionServer.PayloadReceivedEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionServer.PayloadReceivedEventArgs;
        // eventArgs.Payload
    };
    ```

<a name="group"></a>
## Communicate in group style

> Cion Group can be used to subscribe the topic to publish and receive payload with other group members.

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with other group members, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer 2: Same as above comment (the symbolic link "latest" need to be fixed)

Author: link is changed to API9 now

Author: changed to latest

> To communicate with other group members, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase.html) class as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To communicate with other group members, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase.html) class as follows:
```

Author: it's changed

> To communicate with other group members, use the [Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Applications.Cion.GroupBase.html) class as follows:

Author: it's changed

        {
            PayloadReceivedEventArgs eventArgs = new PayloadReceivedEventArgs(payload, peer);
            PayloadReceivedEvent?.Invoke(this, eventArgs);
        }

        public class JoinedEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public JoinedEventArgs(PeerInfo peerInfo)
            {
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
        }

        public class LeftEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public LeftEventArgs(PeerInfo peerInfo)
            {
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
        }

        public class PayloadReceivedEventArgs : EventArgs
        {
            public PayloadReceivedEventArgs(Payload payload, PeerInfo peerInfo)
            {
                Payload = payload;
                PeerInfo = peerInfo;
            }
            public Payload Payload { get; }
            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
        }
    }
    ```
    ```csharp
    string topic = "TestGroup";
    CionGroup group = new CionGroup(topic);
    ```

2. Subscribe topic:

    ```csharp
    group.Subscribe();
    ```

> 3. Publishe data:

Author: it's fixed

    ```csharp
    string testData = "PublishData";
    DataPayload payload = new DataPayload(Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(testData));
    group.Publish(payload);
    ```

4. Receive the payload:

    ```csharp
    group.PayloadReceivedEvent += (sender, eventArgs) =>
    {
        CionGroup.PayloadReceivedEvent eventArgs = e as CionGroup.PayloadReceivedEvent;
        // eventArgs.Payload
    };
    ```

<a name="tidl"></a>
## TIDL support

Cion communication code can be generated using TIDL.

> You can create 'CionTest.tidl' file as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create `CionTest.tidl` file as follows:
```

Author: it's changed

            public PeerInfo PeerInfo { get; }
            public PayloadTransferStatus Status { get; }
        }
    }
    ```
    ```csharp
    string serviceName = "TestService";
    string displayName = "TestDisplayName";
    var server = new CionServer(serviceName, displayName);
    ```

2. The server starts to listen to the requests from the client:

    ```csharp
    server.Listen();
    ```

3. Accept the connection:

    ```csharp
    server.ConnectionRequestEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        ClionServer.ConnectionRequestEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionServer.ConnectionRequestEventArgs;
        server.Accept(eventArgs.PeerInfo);
    };
    ```

4. Receive data and payload:

    ```csharp
    server.DataReceivedEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        CionServer.DataReceivedEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionServer.DataReceivedEventArgs;
        // eventArgs.Data
    };
    ```
    ```csharp
    server.PayloadReceivedEvent += (sender, e) =>
    {
        CionServer.PayloadReceivedEventArgs eventArgs = e as CionServer.PayloadReceivedEventArgs;
        // eventArgs.Payload
    };
    ```

<a name="group"></a>
## Communicate in group style

> The Cion group is used to share data to other group members. The group members can subscribe the topic to join the group.

Author: it's changed

> If the data is publised, subscribed members receive it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the data is published, subscribed members receive it.
```

Author: it's changed
